samples: nrf9160: modem_shell: improving DK OoB (#7637)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/modem_shell/README.rst

Getting nRF9160 DK Out-of-the-Box and to nRF Cloud
==================================================

To program the certificates and connect to nRF Cloud, complete the following steps:

1. `Download nRF Connect for Desktop`_.
#. Update the modem firmware on the on-board modem of the nRF9160-based kit to the latest version by following the steps in :ref:`nrf9160_gs_updating_fw_modem`.
#. Build and program the MoSh to the nRF9160-based kit by using default MoSh config (with REST as a transport).

.. code-block:: console

   $ west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -d build
   $ west flash -d build

#. Get certificates from nRF Cloud as explained in :ref:`downloading_cloud_certificate`.
#. In a MoSH terminal, put modem in power off state and start the AT command mode

   .. code-block:: console

      mosh:~$ link funmode -0
      mosh:~$ at at_cmd_mode start

#. Disconnect the MoSh terminal.
#. Connect and use `LTE Link Monitor`_ for storing the certificates to the modem (default security tag). See `Managing credentials`_ in the LTE Link Monitor User Guide for instructions.

> #. Reconnect MoSh terminal and exit AT command mode by pressing ctrl-x ctrl-q.

Author: both

#. Build and program the MoSh to the nRF9160-based kit by using default MoSh config (with REST as a transport).

.. code-block:: console

   $ west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -d build
   $ west flash -d build

#. Get certificates from nRF Cloud as explained in :ref:`downloading_cloud_certificate`.
#. In a MoSH terminal, put modem in power off state and start the AT command mode

   .. code-block:: console

      mosh:~$ link funmode -0
      mosh:~$ at at_cmd_mode start

#. Disconnect the MoSh terminal.
#. Connect and use `LTE Link Monitor`_ for storing the certificates to the modem (default security tag). See `Managing credentials`_ in the LTE Link Monitor User Guide for instructions.
#. Reconnect MoSh terminal and exit AT command mode by pressing ctrl-x ctrl-q.
#. Activate LTE by putting modem to normal mode. Observe that LTE is getting connected.

   .. code-block:: console

      mosh:~$ link funmode -1

#. Perform a just-in-time provisioning (JITP) with nRF Cloud through REST. You only need to do this once for each device.

   .. code-block:: console

      mosh:~$ cloud_rest jitp

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You only need to do this once for each device.
```

> #. Follow the instructions for JITP printed in MoSh terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Follow the instructions for JITP printed in the MoSh terminal.
```

> #. To complete the user association in nRF Cloud side, navigate to `nRF Cloud`_. Click the large plus sign in the upper-left corner. In the :guilabel:`Device ID` field, enter the device id that was instructed by MoSh.
>    When device has been added the message :guilabel:`Device added to account. Waiting for it to connect...` appears.
>    When the message has disappeared, go to the menu on the left and click :guilabel:`Devices`. You can now see your MoSh device in a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Open the `nRF Cloud`_ portal to complete the user association in nRF Cloud.
   1. Click the large plus sign in the upper left corner.
   #. Enter the device ID from MoSh in the :guilabel:`Device ID` field.
   
When device has been added, the message :guilabel:`Device added to account. Waiting for it to connect...` appears.
When the message disappears, click :guilabel:`Devices` on the left side menu.
Your MoSh device is now visible in the list.
```

> #. Send MoSh device information to nRF Cloud. It might take a while for the data to appear in the nRF Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Send MoSh device information to nRF Cloud.

   It might take a while for the data to appear in the nRF Cloud UI.
```

   .. code-block:: console

      mosh:~$ cloud_rest shadow_update

> #. Verify that the REST transport to nRF Cloud is working e.g. by using ``location`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Use the``location`` command to verify that the REST transport to nRF Cloud is working.
```

   .. code-block:: console

      mosh:~$ location get --method cellular

> #. As a successful response, the location is printed in MoSh terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   As a success response, the location is printed in the MoSh terminal.
```

> #. From the :guilabel:`Devices` view in nRF Cloud, open the entry for your device. Observe from nRF Cloud UI that location and device information is shown in device page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Open the entry for your device in the :guilabel:`Devices` view.
#. Observe that location and device information are shown in the device page.
```

#. Type any of the commands listed in the Overview section to the terminal. When you type only the command, the terminal shows the usage, for example ``sock``.

Getting nRF9160 DK out-of-the-box and to nRF Cloud
==================================================

To program the certificates and connect to nRF Cloud, complete the following steps:

1. `Download nRF Connect for Desktop`_.
#. Update the modem firmware on the on-board modem of the nRF9160 DK to the latest version as instructed in :ref:`nrf9160_gs_updating_fw_modem`.

> #. Build and program the MoSh to the nRF9160 DK using the default MoSh configuration (with REST as a transport):

Author: changed

#. Type any of the commands listed in the Overview section to the terminal. When you type only the command, the terminal shows the usage, for example ``sock``.

Getting nRF9160 DK out-of-the-box and to nRF Cloud
==================================================

To program the certificates and connect to nRF Cloud, complete the following steps:

1. `Download nRF Connect for Desktop`_.
#. Update the modem firmware on the on-board modem of the nRF9160 DK to the latest version as instructed in :ref:`nrf9160_gs_updating_fw_modem`.
#. Build and program the MoSh to the nRF9160 DK using the default MoSh configuration (with REST as a transport):

.. code-block:: console

   $ west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -d build
   $ west flash -d build

#. Get certificates from nRF Cloud as explained in :ref:`downloading_cloud_certificate`.
#. In the MoSH terminal, power off the modem and start the AT command mode:

   .. code-block:: console

      mosh:~$ link funmode -0
      mosh:~$ at at_cmd_mode start

#. Disconnect the MoSh terminal.

> #. Connect and use `LTE Link Monitor`_ to store the certificates to the modem (default security tag).

Author: changed

> #. Connect and use `LTE Link Monitor`_ to store the certificates to the modem (default security tag).
>    See `Managing credentials`_ in the LTE Link Monitor user guide for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Connect and use `LTE Link Monitor`_ to store the certificates to the modem (default security tag).

   See `Managing credentials`_ in the LTE Link Monitor user guide for instructions.
```

#. Reconnect the MoSh terminal and press ``ctrl-x`` and ``ctrl-q`` to exit the AT command mode.

> #. Set the modem to normal mode to activate LTE.
>    Observe that LTE is getting connected.
> 
>    .. code-block:: console
> 
>       mosh:~$ link funmode -1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Set the modem to normal mode to activate LTE:

   .. code-block:: console

      mosh:~$ link funmode -1

   Observe that LTE is getting connected.      
```

Author: changed

#. Perform just-in-time provisioning (JITP) with nRF Cloud through REST:

   .. code-block:: console

      mosh:~$ cloud_rest jitp

   You only need to do this once for each device.

#. Follow the instructions for JITP printed in the MoSh terminal.

> #. To complete the user association in nRF Cloud side, navigate to `nRF Cloud`_. Click the large plus sign in the upper-left corner. In the :guilabel:`Device ID` field, enter the device id that was instructed by MoSh.
>    When device has been added the message :guilabel:`Device added to account. Waiting for it to connect...` appears.
>    When the message has disappeared, go to the menu on the left and click :guilabel:`Devices`. You can now see your MoSh device in a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Complete the user association:
   1. Open the `nRF Cloud`_ portal.
   #. Click the large plus sign in the upper left corner.
   #. Enter the device ID from MoSh in the :guilabel:`Device ID` field.

   When the device has been added, the message :guilabel:`Device added to account. Waiting for it to connect...` appears.
   When the message disappears, click :guilabel:`Devices` on the left side menu.
   Your MoSh device is now visible in the list.
```

Author: updated accordingly

> #. Send MoSh device information to nRF Cloud.
> 
>    It might take a while for the data to appear in the nRF Cloud UI.
> 
>    .. code-block:: console
> 
>       mosh:~$ cloud_rest shadow_update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Send MoSh device information to nRF Cloud:

   .. code-block:: console

      mosh:~$ cloud_rest shadow_update

   It might take a while for the data to appear in the nRF Cloud UI.
```

Author: changed
